pages/docs/v2/deployments/configuration.mdx, before:

import Doc from '~/components/layout/docs'
import Now from '~/components/text/now'
import Card from '~/components/card'
import Example from '~/components/example'
import { Code } from '~/components/text/code'
import { InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'
import { P, PDIV } from '~/components/text/paragraph'
import { GenericLink } from '~/components/text/link'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deployment Configuration (now.json)',
  description:
    'Configuring Now so that your deployments are exactly as you need them.',
  editUrl: 'pages/docs/v2/deployments/configuration.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-03-14T15:57:08.000Z'
}

When using [Now CLI](/docs/v2/getting-started/installation#now-cli), [Now Desktop](/docs/v2/getting-started/installation#now-desktop) or [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/getting-started/installation#now-for-github), the configuration for your deployment is read from the `now.json` file.

The parameters stored in that file are passed to the [Deployment Creation API endpoint](/docs/api/v2#endpoints/deployments/create-a-new-deployment), which performs validation and stores the metadata in our backend.

### Schemas

If you are looking for a strict or machine-friendly specification of the configuration, we recommend [looking at `zeit/schemas`](https://github.com/zeit/schemas).

### Configuration File

The following sections describe each field allowed in a `now.json` configuration file and how to use them.

Each deployment receives and understands the `now.json` configuration as instructions of how to build and then act when deployed.

### name

**Type**: `String`.

**Valid values**: string name for the deployment.

**Limit**: A maximum length of 52 characters

The prefix for all new deployment instances. The CLI usually generates this field automatically based on the name of the directory. But if you'd like to define it explicitly, this is the way to go.

The defined name is also used to organize the deployment into [a project](/docs/v2/platform/projects).

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "name": "zeit-chat"
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### version

**Type**: `Number`.

**Valid values**: `1`, `2`.

Specifies the [Now Platform version](/docs/v2/platform/overview#versioning) the deployment should use and is known to work with. We strongly recommend setting a `version` when working on production systems or using source control (e.g. [Git](https://git-scm.com)).

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "version": 2
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### alias

**Type**: `Array` or `String`.

**Valid values**: [domain names](/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/adding-a-domain) (optionally including subdomains) added to the account.

The alias or aliases are applied when merging a PR to the master branch with [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github), or when deploying to master.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "alias": ["my-domain.com", "www.my-domain.com"]
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### scope

**Type**: `String`.

**Valid values**: For teams, either an ID or slug. For users, either a email address, username, or ID.

This property determines the scope ([user or team](/docs/v2/platform/users-and-teams/)) under which the project will be deployed by Now CLI or Now Desktop.

Furthermore, it also affects any other actions that the user takes within the directory that contains this configuration (e.g. listing [secrets](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets/#securing-environment-variables-using-secrets) using `now secrets ls`).

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "scope": "my-team"
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### env

**Type:** `Object` of `String` keys and values.

**Valid values:** environment keys and values.

Environment variables passed to the invoked [Lambdas](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas).

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <PDIV>
    This example will pass the <InlineCode>MY_KEY</InlineCode> static env to all{' '}
    <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas">
      Lambdas
    </GenericLink>{' '}
    and <InlineCode>SECRET</InlineCode> resolved from the{' '}
    <InlineCode>my-secret-name</InlineCode>{' '}
    <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets#securing-environment-variables-using-secrets">
      secret
    </GenericLink>{' '}
    dynamically.
  </PDIV>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "env": {
    "MY_KEY": "this is the value",
    "SECRET": "@my-secret-name"
  }
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### build.env

**Type:** `Object` of `String` keys and values inside the `build` `Object`.

**Valid values:** environment keys and values.

[Environment variables](/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets/#from-now.json) passed to the [Build](/docs/v2/deployments/builds) processes.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <PDIV>
    The following example will pass the <InlineCode>MY_KEY</InlineCode> static
    env to all{' '}
    <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/builds">Builds</GenericLink> and
    <InlineCode>SECRET</InlineCode> resolved from the <InlineCode>
      my-secret-name
    </InlineCode> <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets">
      secret
    </GenericLink> dynamically.
  </PDIV>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "build": {
    "env": {
      "MY_KEY": "this is the value",
      "SECRET": "@my-secret-name"
    }
  }
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### builds

**Type:** `Array` of build `Object`.

**Valid values:** a list of build descriptions whose `src` references valid source files.

**Build object definition:**

- `src` (`String`): A glob expression or pathname. If more than one file is resolved, one build will be created per matched file. It can include `*` and `**`.
- `use` (`String`): A npm module to be installed by the [build process](/docs/v2/deployments/builds). It can include a semver compatible version (e.g.: `@org/proj@1`).
- `config` (`Object`): Optionally, an object including arbitrary metadata to be passed to the Builder.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <PDIV>
    The following will include all HTML files as-is (to be served statically),
    and <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/builds">Build</GenericLink> all
    PHP files and JS files into{' '}
    <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas">
      Lambdas
    </GenericLink>
    .
  </PDIV>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "builds": [
    { "src": "*.html", "use": "@now/static" },
    { "src": "*.php", "use": "@now/php" },
    { "src": "*.js", "use": "@now/node" }
  ]
}`}</Code>
</Example>

<Note>
  When at least one <InlineCode>builds</InlineCode> item is specified, only the
  outputs of the build processes will be included in the resulting deployment as
  a security precaution. This is why we need to white-list static files
  explicitly with
  <InlineCode>@now/static</InlineCode>.
</Note>

For more information on builds and builders, see the documentation:

<Card title="Builds" href="/docs/v2/deployments/builds">
  Transform sources into production ready outputs with builds.
</Card>

<Card title="Builders" href="/docs/v2/deployments/builders/overview">
  Choose from a range of existing builders or make your own.
</Card>

### routes

**Type:** `Array` of route `Object`.

**Valid values:** a list of route definitions.

**Route object definition:**

- `src`: A [PCRE-compatible regular expression](https://www.pcre.org/original/doc/html/pcrepattern.html) that matches each incoming pathname (excluding querystring).
- `methods`: A set of HTTP method types. If no method is provided, requests with any HTTP method will be a candidate for the route.
- `dest`: A destination pathname or full URL, including querystring, with the ability to embed capture groups as $1, $2…
- `headers`: A set of headers to apply for responses.
- `status`: A status code to respond with. Can be used in tandem with `Location:` header to implement redirects.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <PDIV>
    This example configures custom routes that map to static files and{' '}
    <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas">
      Lambdas
    </GenericLink>
    .
  </PDIV>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "builds": [
    { "src": "*.html", "use": "@now/static" },
    { "src": "*.js", "use": "@now/node" },
  ],
  "routes": [
    { "src": "/custom-page", "headers": {"cache-control": "s-maxage=1000"}, "dest": "/index.html" },
    { "src": "/api", "dest": "/my-api.js" },
    { "src": "/users", "methods": ["POST"], "dest": "/users-api.js" },
    { "src": "/users/(?<id>[^/]*)", "dest": "/users-api.js?id=$id" },
    { "src": "/.*", "dest": "https://my-old-site.com"},
    { "src": "/legacy", "status": 404},
    { "src": "/redirect", "status": 301, "headers": { "Location": "https://zeit.co/" } }
  ]
}`}</Code>
</Example>

For more information on routes, see the documentation:

<Card title="Routes" href="/docs/v2/deployments/routes">
  Control your deployment's paths in detail with routes.
</Card>

### regions

**Type:** `Array` of region identifier `String`.

**Valid values:** a list of valid [region identifiers](/docs/v2/platform/regions-and-providers).

By setting and modifying this value, you can decide the deployment **regions** of the [Lambdas](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas) that get created as a result of the [build steps](/docs/v2/deployments/builds).

This value does not impact static files or edge caches, since deployments always have a [CDN layer](/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/cdn) in front.

The special value `all` can be used to target all available regions.

<Note>
  The values in <InlineCode>regions</InlineCode> support targeting a region
  generically, by omitting the number. If <InlineCode>sfo</InlineCode> is
  specified, our backend will select a singular region (like{' '}
  <InlineCode>sfo1</InlineCode>) at deploy time.
</Note>

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "regions": ["sfo1", "bru"]
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### public

**Type**: `Boolean`.

When set to `true`, both the [source view](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/special-paths#source-view) and [logs view](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/special-paths#logs-view) will be publicly accessible (without authentication with ZEIT).

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "public": true
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### github.enabled

**Type**: `Boolean`.

When set to `false`, [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github) will not deploy the given project regardless of the GitHub app being installed.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "github": {
    "enabled": false
  }
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### github.autoAlias

**Type**: `Boolean`.

When set to `false`, [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github) will not apply the alias upon merge.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "alias": ["my-zeit-website.com"],
  "github": {
    "autoAlias": false
  }
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### github.silent

**Type**: `Boolean`.

When set to `true`, [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github) will stop commenting on pull requests and commits.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "github": {
    "silent": true
  }
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### github.autoJobCancelation

**Type**: `Boolean`.

When set to false, [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github) will always build pushes in sequence without cancelling a build for the most recent commit.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "github": {
    "autoJobCancelation": false
  }
}`}</Code>
</Example>

---

<Note>
  If you are looking to configure the Now clients under your system user, read
  the{' '}
  <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/platform/global-configuration">
    documentation for global configuration
  </GenericLink>
  .
</Note>

export default ({ children }) => <Doc meta={meta}>{children}</Doc>

Commit message:

Document what region is used by default

pages/docs/v2/deployments/configuration.mdx, after:

import Doc from '~/components/layout/docs'
import Now from '~/components/text/now'
import Card from '~/components/card'
import Example from '~/components/example'
import { Code } from '~/components/text/code'
import { InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'
import { P, PDIV } from '~/components/text/paragraph'
import { GenericLink } from '~/components/text/link'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deployment Configuration (now.json)',
  description:
    'Configuring Now so that your deployments are exactly as you need them.',
  editUrl: 'pages/docs/v2/deployments/configuration.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-03-14T15:57:08.000Z'
}

When using [Now CLI](/docs/v2/getting-started/installation#now-cli), [Now Desktop](/docs/v2/getting-started/installation#now-desktop) or [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/getting-started/installation#now-for-github), the configuration for your deployment is read from the `now.json` file.

The parameters stored in that file are passed to the [Deployment Creation API endpoint](/docs/api/v2#endpoints/deployments/create-a-new-deployment), which performs validation and stores the metadata in our backend.

### Schemas

If you are looking for a strict or machine-friendly specification of the configuration, we recommend [looking at `zeit/schemas`](https://github.com/zeit/schemas).

### Configuration File

The following sections describe each field allowed in a `now.json` configuration file and how to use them.

Each deployment receives and understands the `now.json` configuration as instructions of how to build and then act when deployed.

### name

**Type**: `String`.

**Valid values**: string name for the deployment.

**Limit**: A maximum length of 52 characters

The prefix for all new deployment instances. The CLI usually generates this field automatically based on the name of the directory. But if you'd like to define it explicitly, this is the way to go.

The defined name is also used to organize the deployment into [a project](/docs/v2/platform/projects).

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "name": "zeit-chat"
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### version

**Type**: `Number`.

**Valid values**: `1`, `2`.

Specifies the [Now Platform version](/docs/v2/platform/overview#versioning) the deployment should use and is known to work with. We strongly recommend setting a `version` when working on production systems or using source control (e.g. [Git](https://git-scm.com)).

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "version": 2
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### alias

**Type**: `Array` or `String`.

**Valid values**: [domain names](/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/adding-a-domain) (optionally including subdomains) added to the account.

The alias or aliases are applied when merging a PR to the master branch with [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github), or when deploying to master.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "alias": ["my-domain.com", "www.my-domain.com"]
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### scope

**Type**: `String`.

**Valid values**: For teams, either an ID or slug. For users, either a email address, username, or ID.

This property determines the scope ([user or team](/docs/v2/platform/users-and-teams/)) under which the project will be deployed by Now CLI or Now Desktop.

Furthermore, it also affects any other actions that the user takes within the directory that contains this configuration (e.g. listing [secrets](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets/#securing-environment-variables-using-secrets) using `now secrets ls`).

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "scope": "my-team"
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### env

**Type:** `Object` of `String` keys and values.

**Valid values:** environment keys and values.

Environment variables passed to the invoked [Lambdas](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas).

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <PDIV>
    This example will pass the <InlineCode>MY_KEY</InlineCode> static env to all{' '}
    <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas">
      Lambdas
    </GenericLink>{' '}
    and <InlineCode>SECRET</InlineCode> resolved from the{' '}
    <InlineCode>my-secret-name</InlineCode>{' '}
    <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets#securing-environment-variables-using-secrets">
      secret
    </GenericLink>{' '}
    dynamically.
  </PDIV>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "env": {
    "MY_KEY": "this is the value",
    "SECRET": "@my-secret-name"
  }
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### build.env

**Type:** `Object` of `String` keys and values inside the `build` `Object`.

**Valid values:** environment keys and values.

[Environment variables](/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets/#from-now.json) passed to the [Build](/docs/v2/deployments/builds) processes.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <PDIV>
    The following example will pass the <InlineCode>MY_KEY</InlineCode> static
    env to all{' '}
    <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/builds">Builds</GenericLink> and
    <InlineCode>SECRET</InlineCode> resolved from the <InlineCode>
      my-secret-name
    </InlineCode> <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets">
      secret
    </GenericLink> dynamically.
  </PDIV>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "build": {
    "env": {
      "MY_KEY": "this is the value",
      "SECRET": "@my-secret-name"
    }
  }
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### builds

**Type:** `Array` of build `Object`.

**Valid values:** a list of build descriptions whose `src` references valid source files.

**Build object definition:**

- `src` (`String`): A glob expression or pathname. If more than one file is resolved, one build will be created per matched file. It can include `*` and `**`.
- `use` (`String`): A npm module to be installed by the [build process](/docs/v2/deployments/builds). It can include a semver compatible version (e.g.: `@org/proj@1`).
- `config` (`Object`): Optionally, an object including arbitrary metadata to be passed to the Builder.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <PDIV>
    The following will include all HTML files as-is (to be served statically),
    and <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/builds">Build</GenericLink> all
    PHP files and JS files into{' '}
    <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas">
      Lambdas
    </GenericLink>
    .
  </PDIV>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "builds": [
    { "src": "*.html", "use": "@now/static" },
    { "src": "*.php", "use": "@now/php" },
    { "src": "*.js", "use": "@now/node" }
  ]
}`}</Code>
</Example>

<Note>
  When at least one <InlineCode>builds</InlineCode> item is specified, only the
  outputs of the build processes will be included in the resulting deployment as
  a security precaution. This is why we need to white-list static files
  explicitly with
  <InlineCode>@now/static</InlineCode>.
</Note>

For more information on builds and builders, see the documentation:

<Card title="Builds" href="/docs/v2/deployments/builds">
  Transform sources into production ready outputs with builds.
</Card>

<Card title="Builders" href="/docs/v2/deployments/builders/overview">
  Choose from a range of existing builders or make your own.
</Card>

### routes

**Type:** `Array` of route `Object`.

**Valid values:** a list of route definitions.

**Route object definition:**

- `src`: A [PCRE-compatible regular expression](https://www.pcre.org/original/doc/html/pcrepattern.html) that matches each incoming pathname (excluding querystring).
- `methods`: A set of HTTP method types. If no method is provided, requests with any HTTP method will be a candidate for the route.
- `dest`: A destination pathname or full URL, including querystring, with the ability to embed capture groups as $1, $2…
- `headers`: A set of headers to apply for responses.
- `status`: A status code to respond with. Can be used in tandem with `Location:` header to implement redirects.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <PDIV>
    This example configures custom routes that map to static files and{' '}
    <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas">
      Lambdas
    </GenericLink>
    .
  </PDIV>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "builds": [
    { "src": "*.html", "use": "@now/static" },
    { "src": "*.js", "use": "@now/node" },
  ],
  "routes": [
    { "src": "/custom-page", "headers": {"cache-control": "s-maxage=1000"}, "dest": "/index.html" },
    { "src": "/api", "dest": "/my-api.js" },
    { "src": "/users", "methods": ["POST"], "dest": "/users-api.js" },
    { "src": "/users/(?<id>[^/]*)", "dest": "/users-api.js?id=$id" },
    { "src": "/.*", "dest": "https://my-old-site.com"},
    { "src": "/legacy", "status": 404},
    { "src": "/redirect", "status": 301, "headers": { "Location": "https://zeit.co/" } }
  ]
}`}</Code>
</Example>

For more information on routes, see the documentation:

<Card title="Routes" href="/docs/v2/deployments/routes">
  Control your deployment's paths in detail with routes.
</Card>

### regions

**Type:** `Array` of region identifier `String`.

**Valid values:** a list of valid [region identifiers](/docs/v2/platform/regions-and-providers).

By setting and modifying this value, you can decide the deployment **regions** of the [Lambdas](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas) that get created as a result of the [build steps](/docs/v2/deployments/builds). By default, the closest region is used, or SFO when deploying via Now for GitHub.

This value does not impact static files or edge caches, since deployments always have a [CDN layer](/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/cdn) in front.

The special value `all` can be used to target all available regions.

<Note>
  The values in <InlineCode>regions</InlineCode> support targeting a region
  generically, by omitting the number. If <InlineCode>sfo</InlineCode> is
  specified, our backend will select a singular region (like{' '}
  <InlineCode>sfo1</InlineCode>) at deploy time.
</Note>

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "regions": ["sfo1", "bru"]
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### public

**Type**: `Boolean`.

When set to `true`, both the [source view](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/special-paths#source-view) and [logs view](/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/special-paths#logs-view) will be publicly accessible (without authentication with ZEIT).

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "public": true
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### github.enabled

**Type**: `Boolean`.

When set to `false`, [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github) will not deploy the given project regardless of the GitHub app being installed.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "github": {
    "enabled": false
  }
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### github.autoAlias

**Type**: `Boolean`.

When set to `false`, [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github) will not apply the alias upon merge.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "alias": ["my-zeit-website.com"],
  "github": {
    "autoAlias": false
  }
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### github.silent

**Type**: `Boolean`.

When set to `true`, [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github) will stop commenting on pull requests and commits.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "github": {
    "silent": true
  }
}`}</Code>
</Example>

### github.autoJobCancelation

**Type**: `Boolean`.

When set to false, [Now for GitHub](/docs/v2/integrations/now-for-github) will always build pushes in sequence without cancelling a build for the most recent commit.

<Example>
  <P.B>Usage Example:</P.B>
  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "github": {
    "autoJobCancelation": false
  }
}`}</Code>
</Example>

---

<Note>
  If you are looking to configure the Now clients under your system user, read
  the{' '}
  <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/platform/global-configuration">
    documentation for global configuration
  </GenericLink>
  .
</Note>

export default ({ children }) => <Doc meta={meta}>{children}</Doc>
